but we do we love tits and you always
know it's it you always know it's it you
know like you ever been in a crowded
place like a subway or like a you know a
sports stadium you're smushed in with
other people and your your elbow touches
at it behind you like that's it I just
touched the sensitivity of the male
elbow to tip flesh specifically is
unbelievable
just two tits because you could drive
attack in there I'm not going to feel it
but it's hit through a shirt and a
sweater and a jacket and her jacket
sweater shirt and bra
somehow I said hey I touched it tits
I touched it tit I mean I touched one
tit
when did
that's rare to touch one tits like a
four-leaf clover usually you touch it
the only time you touch one's hit is
when it was an accident
or you didn't have permission otherwise
when tit access is granted it's usually
good for it to tense at a time it's once
you're on one it's you really have to
screw up really badly and quickly to
lose tit access between tits 1 and 2 you
must have said something really dumb on
the first tip that she didn't get the
second one no yeah it's like her mom's
dirty whore tip I said I liked it that's
right
as I like it I like your mom's dirty
whore too like yours and if it's up to
the guy we're gonna touch both tits no
guy touches its head and then goes you
know what I'm good with the one that's
fine for me everything in moderation
we're gonna touch both it's the guy if
it's even if something terrible happens
in the middle of ah yeah there's a bomb
oh shit come on let's go let's get your
tits out of here
you